My name is Marcus I've got a good life and a good family but lately I'm really
having a tough time. Mom was baptized a few years ago as one of Jehovah's
witnesses. She studies the Bible with me and the two of us go to meetings and
out in the ministry together but I'm being pulled in other directions. My dad
owns his own business and he takes care of us. He's always telling me success
as security. He seems pretty sure that sports and going to college will
prepare me for the real world. He's not a witness and I'm not always
sure how he feels about my Bible study. I guess we've avoided talking about it.
My brother Todd and I used to hang out a lot but he doesn't have much time for
me anymore especially when Amy calls. He says if I get baptized I won't be allowed
to have any fun. My cousins live two doors down for years they'd come back after
school but lately they've been into some stuff that I know was wrong. It's hard to
say no. I was starting to get really confused. My household was divided and
so was I. My tough day was about to get worse. It was meeting it for mom and I but dad
wanted me to stay for a big party with his family. I hate feeling like I
constantly disappoint him. As it turned out Jeremy was visiting for the first
time since going to Bethel. Mom said that his family was just like ours and
that his decision to serve Jehovah took courage. He wrote a scripture from
1 Peter chapter 5 humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God so
that he may exalt you in due time. I thought about it but I guess I didn't
really understand what he was saying. That weekend Jeremy asked her work with me
in field service. We talked more about how 1 Peter chapter 5 helped him decide
what to do. His heart was divided but he said that humbling himself met doing
God's will and then trusting that Jehovah could make his heart catch up later.
He knew Jehovah cared for him and that there were only two choices. Jehovah's
way or Satan's. Then he read verse 9 to me but take your stand against him
firm in the faith and he asked me to do two things when I got home. First he said
I should pray about my situation and second he said that I should try and think
of a Bible character who took a stand for Jehovah Timothy took a stand and chose
spiritual goals. Explaining that to his father would have taken courage talking
to my dad would be tough just another time he'd be disappointed in me but Timothy's
example and Jeremy's encouragement helped me realize exactly what I had to do.
It wasn't easy dad loves me but I know he doesn't fully understand my choice but
I explained how my Bible study has already helped me at school I've been offered
drugs approached by girls tempted to fight but I've resisted it all and that made
that think I know that won't be our last conversation but it's a start I know
which way to go now I've chosen Jehovah's way and my heart is no longer
divided and I'm convinced Jehovah is with me.